Hello :)

Welcome to further supplementary information of our paper xxx.

Inside the directory **Simulation_files** you can find the microstates attained by the end of the production run at ambient conditions for all of the 11 systems studied in our work, namely pure EtOH, pure MeOH and MeOH/EtOH binary mixtures at ratios 1:9, 1:4, 3:7, 2:3, 1:1, 3:2, 7:3, 4:1, 9:1. These are given in the form of LAMMPS data files (atom_style full). As potential parameters are included in the file, files for all four force fields used in the assessment at ambient conditions are provided. (...)
Note that the production run was made using equations of motion originally formulated to sample the NPT ensemble, and thus the volume of the simulation domain *does not* correspond to the average volume at ambient temperature and pressure conditions.

Inside the directory **Post_processing_scripts** you can find all python codes written in-house and templates of LAMMPS input files that were used in the post-processing of simulation files aiming to assess properties of the systems studied in our work. These are Hbond_lifetime_ME.py, (xxx). Comments can find throughout the codes/script to assist with the understanding of their different bits. Note that since the molecular simulations involved in this work were performed in LAMMPS, the python codes usually work with input files that are in LAMMPS-related formatting.
- The code **Hbond_lifetime_ME.py** corresponds to the python code used to compute the time autocorrelation functions necessary for later estimating the continuous hydrogen bond life time between hydrogens of methanol and oxygens of ethanol. There was one code for each of the four hydrogen types found in the binary methanol/ethanol mixtures, namely H(MeOH)...O(MeOH), H(MeOH)...O(EtOH), H(EtOH)...O(MeOH), H(EtOH)...O(EtOH), with the code in each of the four cases following the same frame (only minor changes/adaptations are required). The calculation follows the specifics described in the supplementary information of the paper.
- The code **O(EtOH)_statistics.py** coresponds to the python code used to assess the "hydrogen bond" coordination shell of oxygens of ethanol molecules. There was a separate code for O(MeOH), where only minor changes/adaptations are required since the frame of the code is the same. The specifics of this assessment is described in the supplementary information of the paper.
- The files **lammps_rdf-com1.in** correspond to the LAMMPS input script used to read the 2000 microstates collected during the production run for each system and force field and outputs for each of the configuration the center of mass of each molecule in the simulation domain in a file named com.out. This file is then fed as input for the python code named **com_traj.py** to create a coarse trajectory, where MeOH and EtOH molecules play the role of an atom in an all-atom simulation. This trajectory is created in LAMMPS format, with each molecule having its own "atom ID" and MeOH and EtOH molecules being assigned atom types 1 and 2, respectively. Finally, the script **lammps_rdf-com2.in** is a LAMMPS input script that reads the coarse trajectory and computes the radial distribution functions for MeOH-MeOH, MeOH-EtOH and EtOH-EtOH along with the corresponding coordination number. For what is worth it, the first frame of the coarse trajectory was used to build a LAMMPS data file, needed by LAMMPS within lammps_rdf-com2.in.
